fantastic and usually scorers Authority
commercial as he's in Hackney theaters
OMG TV she's your feet right now the
wonderful sermon Stifler chosen hey
y'all mine and sarah and i'm from texas
where there's a lot of big blondes with
big smiles then I'm to Colorado where
there's a lot of big blondes but with
fake boobs and will now I live in LA
where there's a lot of big boobs with
big smiles okay maybe there are some
differences like in Colorado people die
badly when there's five used up and in
LA people tried baci when there's five
drops of rain so whenever I tell people
that I'm from Texas there is asking me
if I ride a horse to school no this
isn't the 18th century we're a
modernized now I read a tractor to
school when I tell people that I now
live in LA there was asked if I see
famous people oh yeah I go to Brandon
Angela's house all the time
they even love you babysit their kids
they pay me a dollar per child pretty
soon I'll be a millionaire then I'm
gonna drive them around la at my beat-up
honda civic whenever we arrive somewhere
it looks like the circus just pulled in
okay that was a lie but that's the great
thing about stand-up is you can lie as
long as there's a laugh at the end I
learned all my lies from my parents for
example I'll be watching TV and my dad
will kick me off to watch football and
my mom will say oh honey he's just
exhausted from work yeah mom dad really
exhausted those six cans of beer Armand
dad notices mom's new dent on the back
of her car she just goes oh um someone
ran into me and the grocery store
parking lot oh yeah Chad that metal hole
came out of nowhere so you guys know
something really really embarrassing I'm
turning into my mother
I mean it's not enough that we look
identical but now I'm doing everything
she does I used to get so annoyed once
you would talk to people in other cars
is it they could actually hear her now
and now I find myself going oh excuse me
oh thank you Oh was that a metal pole
don't worry I won't tell that actually
I'm not much of a liar you see I went to
an all-girls Catholic school and they
were serious about this all-girls thing
I couldn't even bring a picture of nick
jonas to put in my locker but for some
reason they loved it the one of Clay
Aiken
you see I was not like the rest of
applause to our cheerleaders at my real
swords like field hockey okay and how
what you guys are thinking field hockey
that's just for girls I'll have you know
that feel how he can get pretty intense
I mean yes we do wear skirts but i'd
like to see use for gold i'll give you
up on your skirt oh yeah i like see you
sit up as for both humming like your
skirt oh that's what I thought well the
ballet says that my tractor is taking a
for parking I guess I should probably do
that you guys having great
you